c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Commands.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Commands.xml
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Relational.Design.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Relational.Design.xml
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pri
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Core.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Relational.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\EntityFramework.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.OptionsModel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Core.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Numerics.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Windows.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\clretwrc.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\coreclr.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\dbgshim.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\mscordaccore.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\mscordbi.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\mscorrc.debug.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\mscorrc.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\mscorlib.ni.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\ClrCompression.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.Rtc.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.WindowsRuntime.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Private.DataContractSerialization.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Private.Networking.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Private.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Private.Uri.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Context.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.DispatchProxy.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Reflection.TypeExtensions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.UI.Xaml.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\bin\x86\Debug\sqlite3.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\bry\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassLibrary1\ClassLibrary1\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
